And, you know, I think for someone like Kathy, who's experienced Kathy Griffin,
who's experienced that public shaming. She's right.
That amazes me. Right?
Like she's been publicly shamed herself in the most horrific way has basically
had to live underground. And now she's saying, shame him, name him and docs him.
I think I don't understand.
Thatinforce is it reinforces people's idea that they should be more,
more committed to their side, more committed to their team?
The only way you're gonna get any support,
if you have been attacked and isolated, not alone is to get back deep,
deep into the team again, like how do you get back deep into the team? Again,
you gotta be rabbit mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know, and that's part of it.
It's a,
it's a natural reaction that people have to sort of signal to everyone else on
the team. They're all in they're fully committed.
They don't even care about their career. I'm an activist.
<laugh> like that kind of happens. And it's, it's people that want love.
It's what a lot of it is. Yeah. It's they,
they do recognize that there's something wrong. They,
they are reacting to a real thing. I'm not denying that,
but I am am saying that the, the reason, the overwhelming reason,
the motivation for this kind of O overzealous reaction is often a
signaling thing. So they wanna let everybody know totally I'm on the team, man.
I'm all in. Let's go punch some Nazis. And the people that have,
I've talked to people that have said that and in real life,
and I'm like the man, you, you can't punch anybody. You shouldn't punch anybody.
They're gonna punch you back. What do you don't punch? What, first of all,
who's.
A, or serve your, save your punch for a real one. A real one. Yeah.
A real one, you know, in Poland. Yes. Or in Hungary right now. Right? Right.
You know, not a,
not a 16 year old kid who maybe has no idea what that had to say. Ifies.
Well, um, I mean.
And all, I mean, there's a broader point, which is like the very same people,
like one of the sort of wisdoms of,
of criminal justice reform, right.
Is which I believe in is that we shouldn't try kids as adults and we should
forgive.
We should have greater generosity and mercy forgiveness for the crimes of a
child. Even if they're they've committed them. Yes.
Those same people are the ones saying docs him and shame him generally,
politically.
Well, you're seeing that now. And this is again,
there's never been a doxing before. There was no doxing. Right.
How long has doxing been around a decade? Well.
Like since game gamer gate is when it got huge. Right? Yeah.
Maybe let's go crazy and say, the first doxing was 20 years ago. That's a blip.
Right? That's so recent. So, you know,
this is not a thing that people have really had to balance out in their
mind when to do it. And when not to do it, they just do it.
I think people have no idea of what that looks like. Right.
And unless you've experienced it or watch someone, you know, experience it,
it's, it's like, it's like an abstraction. Cuz these people are abstraction.
They're two dimensional little puppets.
That's exactly what it is. That's exactly what it is.
And this extreme lack of empathy, the,
the lack of empathy towards anyone who doesn't share your position.
This is very strange. It's um, it's very,
it's pisspore thinking and it's everywhere.
And, and everyone wants to feel like not being a part of,
one of the tribes is an extremely lonely position and you get called all the bad
names. Right.
Because people want you to be a part of their tribe and people don't wanna be
called bad names and they wanna feel like they're in an in group hun. 100% like,
I emotionally, I totally get that. Yeah. A hundred percent.
It kinda sucks being homeless. Well, it's.
Just politically homeless. Yes. It's just,
when you got a president,
that's so polarizing and you have an opposition to him.
That's so there, there there's so much momentum in opposing him.
And I think this is a giant wedge in between these two sides.
And then you have that hat and that hat, if that kid wasn't wearing that hat,
I guarantee you'd be like 20% less hate. It would be. Oh yeah. It would be.
People would still get mad at him because he was still like,
I've seen people say when a native elder walks up to you and he's banging his
drums, get the out of the way. I saw that like, come on,
you can't expect that you, what? You can't just beat your drum. First of all,
you got right in the kid's face like inches from the kid's face. Pretty amazing.
The restraint. This kid had to just smile.
And the idea that you're gonna judge this kid,
millions and millions and millions of people are going over this right now,
that kid woke up that morning. He had no idea.
He was a kid in a cult. Okay. He's in a Catholic cult school.
And he's going to some weird thing.
Some March for life where people are trying to kill babies,
we gotta stop him from killing babies. Right.
And he goes there and there's this black Israelit calling him the faggots.
And there's, there's all these people calling him names. And,
and then all of a sudden,
this guy's beating a drum in front of his face and we're supposed to,
we're supposed to doc, this kid now. Cuz he smirked. Yeah. That's,
that's a crazy,
an impossible lack of empathy. It's impossible to defend.
Like unless you hate boys, unless you hate all boys, cuz boys are dumb.
Like 16 year old boys are almost universally dumb. They all,
they all grow up to be men. Some of those men will be your best friend.
Some of those men will be amazing.
Some of those men you'd be so happy to see when you see 'em you give 'em a big
hug. Okay. That's me. Right. That's me.
I was a stupid six year old. Right. And I'm a man now.
And I try to be as nice as I can to everybody.
I go way outta my way to be a kind person that could be that kid too.
Like what you're doing is not good for anybody. It's not,
it's not good for society to take this trend and run with it. And, and this is,
well, this is what people do now. You know, you dock 16 year olds and it turbo.
Charges the right.
Like that's what I think people are not quite understanding that dynamic.
That if you are someone who you know,
is frustrated with Trump and is maybe moving to the middle and you know,
imagine that person it's easy to imagine. Yeah. Then you see this.
And you're like, I don't want those people being in charge of me.
I don't want those people running the government. Yes. I mean,
that's the like visceral reaction. I just,
I don't think they're understanding the like implications of what they're.
Doing. I don't think they understand. Maybe they do. Maybe they do no,
there's no mastermind behind this. There's and there's no, I Don' a mastermind,
but like don't think they do understand or implications the, the,
when you have a spectrum, right? The far right. And the far left,
they have a very similar reaction as they drive a person to the other side,
the person that sees the far right. And sees repulsive racism and,
and, and bigotry that, you know, build that wall. these Mexicans,
those little kids. They, they should have known better. They're all illegals.
That kind of person that pushes people towards progressiveivism it pushes people
towards much more liberal, even socialist ideology, like that grossness.
And the same thing can be said for someone like I'm gonna send you something,
Jamie, this is a real, uh, poster that Antifa is sending,
um, putting on, um, on wall, on walls and,
and fence posts and in, uh, the Pacific Northwest. And uh,
it's actually kind of hilarious cuz it's so stupid. No, I see it. I'm gonna,
I'm gonna send it to Jamie and Jamie's gonna put it up on the screen here.
But uh, it, it says, uh, oops, wrong, wrong, Jamie.
Sorry Jamie. Kilsstein <laugh> <laugh> here you go buddy.
I just sent it. It says, when you date a white, it's not all right.
And it's like, oh my God. It's telling people to not date white people.
Propagation of whites is propagation of hatred, oppression, homophobia, sexism,
transphobia racism. And ablebolism now if I was a, so are we supposed to yes.
Sterilize white.
People. There it is. We could see it up on the big screen. So it's even crazy.
That's it's but see racist. This is the thing. Racism is,
racism is terrible. Right? So how do you stop racism? Well,
racism is can only be perpetrated by white people. Oh,
well the problem is white people. We gotta stop white people. Well now you race,
like you're literally being racist to stop racist.
Is this really everywhere? I've.
Never seen this. Oh, well the people are finding it and posting it online.
Oh my God. Oh my God. And someone sent it to me. Um,
I don't know if it's everywhere. It's probably just one. Right? Do you see?
But the per, but the person exists, right. That person exists.
And they think they're a progressive, do.
You see the cold civil war that we're in, in this country becoming a hot one?
No, I hope not. I that's why I worry about, but where does this go?
Where does this go? No one knows if we did, we,
you could make a lot of money in the stock market. <laugh> this is,
this is why I'm concerned.
Especially because I understand violence a lot better than most people do.
You can't just say go punch people. When RA Oslan says,
have you seen more punchable face?
That is so dangerous because you're almost saying go punch
this kid. I saw someone else. I accidentally favored something.
I didn't mean it. Unfavored it.
I did someone pointed to me and I'm just lucky that I looked at it because I
normally don't even read comments. But somebody pointed out that I favored a,
a really preposterous tweet. Um, that said honest que um,
it said the reply from the school was pathetic. And impoent name these kids. Oh,
that's Kathy Griffin. Uh, here's the one that said this guy said,
God, I can't find it. He was basically saying no need to. Here. It is. Uh,
a face like that. Never changes. This image will define his life.
Oh my no one need, no one need ever forgive him.
This is a person with a blue check mark by their name.
No one need ever forgive him a face like that defines his life.
That is virtual signaling in the most toxic form. It's so, so dangerous.
It's also like to think like that. The idea.
That just I'm sorry. I was trying to no, it's okay.
The idea that people cannot change. It's crazy and are irredeemable right. Is.
Crazy. Cancel culture. I was talking about this with, with Kanye. Honestly,
we were talking about cancel culture. When was he on the show?
We werere talking about in person. Oh, okay. On the phone. Okay. Show.
He's gotta be on the show. Okay, cool.
Allegedly he's he's a little nervous about.
I'd like to see him with the samurai sword posing in front of, I.
Think he would go with Musk gun. Yeah, you'reprobably right. I looked.
Up that poster. It's been,
it was first posted over two years ago and it's
supposedly is uh, like role.
Oh yeah. Oh good. That makes sense. Yeahs. Good.
That's but this is the world where it's hard to find.
What's a troll and what's not what I was gonna say that if I was cynical,
I would say that if I was a person who's like far, right, exactly.
You put that up of course, just to with these people and it sweet people.
I mean, it's basically like some CIA SIOPS type. You know? I mean,
this is, this is,
but we're so through the looking glass here that like that post that I just read
you,
that's a real post about this guy is unredeable no one may ever forgive him.
That's just as bad. In my opinion,
is that poster saying don't date white people. It's all crazy.
You're depressing me. We no don't no, no, no.
I'm just like, it's you have to like fight.
I have to fight this feeling of despair. You have to like,
I find myself fighting it because the basic,
like some like basic virtues, right? Yes. That used to be normal. Right?
Like civility, right. Civility has now become for some people,
a code word for like complicity with Naziism. Right?
Like if you're civil and you believe in civility and you believe in, you know,
treating people decently and with giving them the benefit of the doubt,
like that,
that word itself has become a code or a signal in a negative way.
Hmm. Empathy. Like hum. Humil, doubt. Even saying it. I don't know. You know,
I, I just, these basic virtue seemed to have been like swept away.
Yeah. And I don't know when they, when they got lost.
Well, a key ingredient for sure. The thing that hardened, the epoxy was Trump.
I think these, these trends, these trends are going in that direction anyway.
But he capitalized on that. You know, he's a very smart manipulator. I mean,
he knew how to capitalize on that. I mean, this chant of build that wall,
it's not an accident that that's something that he concentrates on and it's not
just that it's, uh,
they're in a political battle right now because if they get him to back down off
the wall, then you know, he looks like a, a loser when 2020 comes around,
he looks less powerful to all his people. Um, there's that for sure.
But there's also this he's so egregious,
like every he's so he's so that guy, well he's gotten.
Rid of all the guardrails. Yeah. Like he's broken the dam. My question,
like thinking about how we're gonna get beyond this is how do we build it back
because he's broken something or he's signifying the fact that it was broken one
or the other.
I think that he was both a symptom of something that was broken that we didn't
recognize. And now he's further catalyze that brokenness.
Well, I think both sides have to recognize that the other side has some points.
That's one thing.
And then I think we also have to treat ourselves like we're all a family and
we're all on a big team, cuz that's what we really are.
If we really are the United States of American. I mean, what, what is a,
what is a country? I mean, if, if anything, we're supposed to be a team,
the idea that we're separated and we're two teams in this one team,
the real differences in terms of like who gets elected,
like how it's going to affect your life,
involve BI involve some social policies, involve some things,
but the way we interact with each other on a day to day,
doesn't involve that at all. That has to be fixed first,
the way we think about each other on a day to day basis,
it used to be a time where you could have a conservative friend and you could be
a liberal and you could be a longhaed hippie guy and you,
and as long as you are a, a good,
hard person who didn't let their lawn go crazy. Your next door neighbor,
who was like a gold water, Republican would talk to you totally.
And you would go, how's it going, Mike, what's going on with the, uh, you know,
guys at the force are trying to put together this case and this and that.
And you know,
a professor could live right next to a cop and they would be friends and one
would be conservative and one would be liberal and they would make fun of each
other a little bit and rib each other a little bit.
And that would be the end of it. That would be, it, it wouldn't be this,
this civil war that we're experiencing right now, right now, just verbal.
And hopefully it stays that way, but it's, it's, it's confusing.
It's confusing cuz there's a lack of a,
a frustrating lack of empathy that when I look at human beings and when I,
people that aren't seeing what everyone else is seeing,
or they're not seeing things objectively and they're irrational and overly
emotional, I always assume there's something else they're running from.
I always assume when I see someone lashing out and insulting everyone
around them, I always assume it's not the, the people around them.
It's something internal. There's some something,
maybe some existential angst they're fighting against some realization of the
futility of life, whatever the it is.